Initial version of netflix dataset inclusion (#1)
DataStax-Examples/quickstart-nodejs: README.md

> # DataStax NodeJS Quickstart using Netflix

Reviewer: Should we use the same title format as the Java sample?

"DataStax Desktop - Node.js Netflix example"

An introduction to using the Cassandra database with well-defined steps to optimize your learning. Using a Netflix dataset for sample data, your locally running Cassandra database will contain a minimal set of show data for you to customize and experiment with.

Contributors:

* [Jeff Banks](https://github.com/jeffbanks)
* [Chris Splinter](https://github.com/csplinter)

## Objectives
* Leverage DataStax driver APIs for interaction with a local running Cassandra database.
* Set up a Cassandra Query Language (CQL) session and perform operations such as creating, reading, and writing.
* Use the Netflix show dataset as example information across three differently constructed tables.
* Observe how the partition key along with clustering keys produce an optimized experience.
* Have fun!

## Project Layout

* [app.js](app.js) - main application file

> * [netflix-shows](netflix-shows.cql) - foundation CQL for reference or use

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [netflix-shows](netflix-shows.cql) - file to create the schema
```

Changed for consistency across examples.

## How this works

> To get started, read through the comments in the `app.js` to familiarize yourself with the steps for interacting with your own Cassandra database. The functions invoked by the `app.js` are created to provide more flexibility for modifications as you learn.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To get started, read the `app.js` comments to learn the steps for interacting with your Cassandra database. The functions invoked by the `app.js` are created to provide more flexibility for modifications as you learn.
```

## Setup and running

### Prerequisites

> If using [DataStax Desktop](https://www.datastax.com/blog/2020/05/learn-cassandra-datastax-desktop), no prerequisites will be required. The Cassandra instance is provided with the DataStax Desktop stack as part of container provisioning.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If using [DataStax Desktop](https://www.datastax.com/blog/2020/05/learn-cassandra-datastax-desktop), no prerequisites are required. The Cassandra instance is provided with the DataStax Desktop stack as part of container provisioning.
```

> If NOT using DataStax Desktop, spin up your own local instance of Cassandra exposing its address and port to align with the settings in the **app.js** file.  You will need to install and perform the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If NOT using DataStax Desktop, spin up your own local instance of Cassandra exposing its address and port to align with the settings in the `app.js` file.  You will need to install and perform the following steps:
```

  * Install [Apache Cassandra®](http://cassandra.apache.org/download/) 3.x
  * [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) server environment
  * Use npm to install the driver: `npm install cassandra-driver`
  * Create the keyspace and table.  The `netflix-shows.cql` file provides the schema used for this project.

All of the connection code is contained in the `app.js` file.  The `cassandra.Client()` API is used to connect to your instance of Cassandra.

```javascipt
const client = new cassandra.Client({
  contactPoints: ['127.0.0.1'],
  localDataCenter: 'dc1',
  keyspace: 'demo'
});
```

## Running

> Simply kickoff the app from the command line.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Start the app from the command line.
```
